# SDS1104X Digital Storage Oscilloscope

# Example Usage

    from LogikosTestToolAutomation.SDS1104X import SDS1104X
    import time

    scope = SDS1104X()

    # Load oscilloscope settings

    scope.load_state_file("test5_osc_setup.xml")

    s = scope.get_status()
    print(s)
    while s != SDS1104X.Status.NONE:
        time.sleep(1)
        s = scope.get_status()
        print(s)

    # Arm trigger for a single capture

    scope.set_trigger_mode(SDS1104X.TriggerMode.SINGLE)

    # Wait for trigger

    s = scope.get_status()
    print(s)
    while not s & SDS1104X.Status.SIGNAL_ACQUIRED:
        time.sleep(1)
        s = scope.get_status()
        print(s)

    # Save screenshot

    scope.capture_screen("test5_screenshot.bmp")


# Documentation

### SDS1104X Methods

    get_status() -> SDS1104X.Status
		Returns the current status of the oscilloscope. See SDS1104X.Status for valid return values.

    default()
        Reset the oscilloscope. This is the same as pressing the "Default" button.

    auto_setup()
		This causes the oscilloscope to attempt to identify the waveform type and automatically
		adjust controls to produce a usable display of the input signal. This is the same as
		pressing the "Auto Setup" button.

    write_state_file(filename)
		Reads the current oscilloscope panel setup and writes it to an XML file.

		    filename : path to XML state file

    load_state_file(filename)
		Restores the oscilloscope panel setup from an XML file.

		    filename : path to XML state file

    set_time_div(timediv)
    get_time_div()
		Sets or queries the current horizontal scale per division for the main window.

		    timediv : new time division as a string with units (S/mS/uS/nS) or a float in seconds, and will be rounded to
		              the next highest valid value.
		              Valid values are: 1NS, 2NS, 5NS, 10NS, 20NS, 50NS, 100NS, 200NS, 500NS,
                                        1US, 2US, 5US, 10US, 20US, 50US, 100US, 200US, 500US,
                                        1MS, 2MS, 5MS, 10MS, 20MS, 50MS, 100MS, 200MS, 500MS,
                                        1S, 2S, 5S, 10S, 20S, 50S, 100S

    set_trig_delay(delay)
    get_trig_delay()
		Sets or queries the current time interval from the trigger event to the horizontal center point on the screen.

		    delay : new delay value as a string with units (S/mS/uS/nS) or a float in seconds.

    set_trigger_mode(mode : SDS1104X.TriggerMode)
    get_trigger_mode()
		Sets or queries the current trigger sweep mode.

		mode: See SDS1104X.TriggerMode for valid values
		
    set_trigger_slope(slope : SDS1104X.TriggerSlope)
    get_trigger_slope()
		Sets or queries the current trigger slope.

		slope: See SDS1104X.TriggerSlope for valid values

    set_trigger_level(level)
    get_trigger_level()
		Sets or queries the current trigger level voltage for the active trigger source.

		    level : new trigger level as a string with units (V/mV) or a float in volts.

    arm()
		Starts a new signal acquisition.

    stop()
		Stops the current acquisition.

    set_menu(visible)
		Displays or hides the on-screen menu.

		    visible : bool

    capture_screen(filename)
		Captures the screen and writes the data to a bmp file.

		    filename : path to BMP file

    set_buzz(buzz)
		Enables or disables audible button feedback.

		    buzz: bool

### SDS1104X Channel Methods

The SDS1104X has four channels, named ch1 through ch4. Each channel has the following methods.

    set_attenuation(value)
    get_attenuation()
		Sets or queries the probe attenuation factor for the selected channel. The probe attenuation factor
		may be 0.1 to 10000. This command does not change the actual input sensitivity of the oscilloscope.
		It changes the reference constants for scaling the display factors, for making automatic measurements,
		and for setting trigger levels.

		    value: Valid attenuation values are: {0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000, 2000, 5000, 10000}
                   The attenuation parameter passed will be rounded to the nearest valid value.

    set_offset(offset)
    get_offset()
		Sets or queries the vertical offset of the specified input channel.
        The maximum ranges depend on the fixed sensitivity setting.

		    offset : new offset as a string with units (V/mV/uV) or a float in volts.

    set_skew(skew)
    get_skew()
		Sets or queries the channel-to-channel skew factor for the specified channel.
        Each analog channel can be adjusted + or -100 ns for a total of 200 ns difference between channels.
        You can use the oscilloscope's skew control to remove cable-delay errors between channels.

            skew : new skew value in nanoseconds

    set_trace(display)
    get_trace()
		Turn the display of the specified channel on or off.

		    display : bool

    set_unit(unit : SDS1104X.Unit)
    get_unit()
		Sets or queries the unit of the specified trace (volts or amps). Measurement results, channel sensitivity,
        and trigger level will reflect the measurement units you select.

		    unit : See SDS1104X.Unit for valid values.

    set_volt_div(v_gain)
    get_volt_div()
		Sets or queries the vertical sensitivity in Volts/div.
        If the probe attenuation is changed, the scale value is multiplied by the probe's attenuation factor.

		    v_gain : new gain as a string with units (V/mV/uV) or a float in volts.

    set_invert_trace(invert)
    get_invert_trace()
		This mathematically inverts the specified traces or the math waveform.
		
		    invert : bool

### Data Types

    SDS1104X.Status
        TRIGGER_READY       = 8192
        SIGNAL_ACQUIRED     = 1
        NONE                = 0

    SDS1104X.TriggerMode
        AUTO                = 0
        NORM                = 1
        SINGLE              = 2

    SDS1104X.TriggerSlope
        NEG                 = 0     # falling edge
        POS                 = 1     # rising edge
        WINDOW              = 2     # alternating edge

    SDS1104X.Unit
        V                   = 0
        A                   = 1
